You take things back and look at them.
This thing saw tens of thousands of dollars.
impossible. It's okay to have scissors.
Give me the money first. I just.
Money is all you have. I'll give it, I'll give it.
Keep this in check. I usually save a lot of money to cheat everyone out of money.
This is the mask of hypocrisy on the consortium.
Big liar. This is 100 yuan from the consortium.
What. That's how it works.
It costs one hundred yuan. Bi was holding the things of the businessman.
No, I'm definitely not a good person.
Everyone heard it, right?
There's something wrapped around this
his stuff
No, take the sample and go quickly
Don't forget what you said
To cut off his wealth